{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2759
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17720\viewh21280\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 WEDDING
\f1\b0 \
We\'92re belatedly celebrating our April 22, 2022 city hall marriage! We\'92re keeping things low key and casual in Brooklyn and hope you can join.\
\
April 26, 2024, 5pm\
Place des F\'eates\
212 Greene Ave, Brooklyn, NY 11238\
This will be family and close friends getting together at our favorite Brooklyn restaurant for cocktails and a sit-down dinner. Kind of like a rehearsal dinner except that absolutely nothing will be rehearsed. We\'92ll likely finish up around 10pm.\
Dress code: fashionably casual\
\
April 27, 2024, 3pm\
Strong Rope Brewery\
185 Van Dyke Street, Brooklyn, NY 11231\
This will be a slightly larger group of family and friend getting together for a short ceremony followed by pizza, drinks (primarily beer) and music. We aim to watch the sun set just before 8pm before winding things down. Our guess is smaller groups might want to check out bars in the area afterward.\
Dress code: fashionably casual\
\

\f0\b TRAVEL
\f1\b0 \
Place des F\'eates\
This is within walking distance of the Classon Ave G train stop and the Franklin Ave C train stop. Street parking is good but not great. You\'92ll probably find a parking spot if you drive, but we\'92d recommend taking public transit or an Uber/Lyft/taxi so that you don\'92t have to worry about it and can get home safely after eating and drinking.\
\
Strong Rope Brewery\
While you can technically get here via public transit using a subway-bus convo, it\'92ll be easiest to get an Uber/Lyft/taxi. There is not a dedicated parking lot, so if you decide to drive, you\'92ll rely on street parking.\
\

\f0\b RSVP
\f1\b0 \
Name 1\
Name 2\
Place des F\'eates: Yes/No\
Strong Rope Brewery: Yes/No\
Allergies\
ADD EMAIL!!!\
\
\

\f0\b Gifts
\f1\b0 \
In traditional Chinese wedding fashion (as well as to help minimize the number of things we accumulate), we\'92re asking that those who would like to give a gift to give a red envelope ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Red_envelope"}}{\fldrslt https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Red_envelope}}). These can be a literal red packet (easily found in any Chinatown), Venmo, PayPal, a normal envelope, etc. Alternatively, a donation to one of our favorite non-profits, Techlit Africa, would also be awesome.}